hey guys what's going on JP I'm welcome
to end a video in a state of your very
special international monitors clove you
both for your start sealing buy some
cheap every level coins go check out go
fifa coins calm and use the cone pistol
father check out for fab sent off
currently selling from under 15 pound
per ml so I yeah so today I have you
international man of the match
record-breaker closer now let's just
sent to me by the good friend at wheels
fo so go check him out he has a YouTube
channel he also reviewed so a his
LaRouche tumblr and this car is going
for round six million coins right now it
has 90 page 94 drilling 93 shooting 99
hitting us because it was basically
upgraded from when he beat the all-time
World Cup goalscoring record he now has
16 goals so they upgraded all the steps
by 16 it's called me 18 goals in six
games stuff moved on to the in gamestats
now he's 34 years old he's six foot he
is German so obviously you know he
scored Germany's pretty big win against
Brazil here's a striker here's a high
medium work right right for the play but
you can also use his live for four star
weak foot moving on to the first class
Chris now and these are absolutely and
said 92 acceleration 91 sprint speed and
87 strings like wow mentally she was he
only has a 90 Attack Position that's
really the only one of node i don't and
i change that actually i don't know and
he's also got 99 ball control 90 IQ of
95 dribbling 19-9 finishing hitting
accuracy penalties on 92 short pass and
also 99 shop our boy so some insane
scholarship it sir and now i'm going to
talk about his in-game performance so
the posters were he was literally every
hitter like you know any in the box or
challenging he was just win it and it
was crazy how many here to see one it
was so cool a really good hitter of the
ball also what probably the best friend
i've used in fifa and I want to see like
you know just anything inside or out in
any wind in the box he seems to finish
it he is a true poacher in real life so
obviously in this game he is pretty much
the same and that yeah he's extremely
Pacey this card you know and you would
expect that um but like it doesn't feel
90 pace it feels 85 with them if I'm
completely honest and I a very good
dribbler of the book you know like as
page kind of does heart but still the
bull doesn't exactly go flying he is
very good edge
and also his strength he doesn't get you
know Shug doral muscle by any defender
which is awesome the striker the the
downsides for him were his first touch
did let him down sometimes and that is
really disappointing you know like I for
his touch would be pretty good but
sometimes it just seems to go too far
out of his feet and defender doesn't
recover and also this price tag like six
million like just presented context like
six million you know like no just long
like six million I wouldn't particularly
for any player mapping where you play
six million for a parent plant living on
suck I'm gonna come to nine out of ten
is hitting furnishing paste and your
wall very good however his first touch
dead living down and of course x 6
million coin price tag but coming down
below will you pay 6,000,000 for closer
or you pay 6,000,000 for any player in
your opinion and a yes so if you haven't
do this international matter much closer
player of you please do leave a like
guys can we smash 45 likes and that will
be absolutely awesome and yeah also
comment down below what video Jonas each
module player view the coastal
anyone over corner I just want to know
when you guys want to see it what would
you like to see an intentional and load
flow of you or whatever let me know in
the comments down below and subscribe
for new and here i drew clara views play
predictions and squabble disease deaths
are finish watching and i'll catch you
guys will let a piece